capital = 153

set_oob = "BFO_1936_nsb"

starting_train_buffer = 2
set_fuel_ratio = 0.7

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 0
set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.1

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = egorism
	last_election = "1933.4.5"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	egorism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	civilian_economy
	disarmed_nation

	weak_economy
}

# COUNTRY LEADER
recruit_character = BFO_interim_council
recruit_character = BFO_egor
recruit_character = BFO_nikitus
recruit_character = BFO_agarkoff
recruit_character = BFO_david

# FIELDMARCHAL
recruit_character = BFO_kusya
recruit_character = BFO_artem_k
recruit_character = BFO_kirill
recruit_character = BFO_ruslan
recruit_character = BFO_sanya_k
recruit_character = BFO_artem_n

# GENERAL
recruit_character = BFO_sanya_b
recruit_character = BFO_misha 
recruit_character = BFO_nekit
recruit_character = BFO_nikita
recruit_character = BFO_timur
recruit_character = BFO_vladik

# NAVAL GENERAL
recruit_character = BFO_donel
recruit_character = BFO_ksuha
recruit_character = BFO_karas
recruit_character = BFO_coshalot

# ADVISOR
recruit_character = BFO_sovec
recruit_character = BFO_pehlik
recruit_character = BFO_masanya
